What work did you do for the project? What code were you given? What code do you create yourself?
For this project, we were given code that would handle playing the maze game, assign rewards, update states, and remember state transitions and associated rewards. I created code that would train the model. Each epoch started by placing the agent at a random valid location. Then the agent would perform an action either randomly or based off the Q-values for the given state (determined probabilisticly based on updating Gama value). The provided code was used to update the state and assign a reward. The provided modules were also used to remember the outcome. Then the game status was checked. If the game had been won or loss, the the code would move onto the next epoch. I also provided code that would update the win rate to monitor training progress.

What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
When a lot of people think of computer scientists, they think of software development. While coding and developing software can be part of a computer scientists job, like scientists in other fields, they work for advancement in their field. These advancements were a central topic in this emerging trends class. Machine learning advancement is a key way in which the field is advancing. The work that computer scientists do is important because computer scientists' work overlaps with many other fields. The tools which they create can be used to make driving experiences safer, advance the medical field, and so much more.

How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
While I have not yet made it to a place in my education where I can contribute to the field directly, I have made it to a point where I can start to learn about the emerging trends in computer science. The first step of solving a computer science related (or any) problem is to understand it. Before coding a solution, it is important to understand the algorithms, data structures, and new approaches which can be used to solve the problem. It is important to understand the technologies that we use because of the ethical and safety implications that are inherent in the problems which we seek to solve.

What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
As a computer scientist and programmer, there are many ethical responsibilities which need to be taken into account. A major reason for this is that most consumers and several others in the organization will not understand the technology that we to solve business and consumer problems. They are likely to be less aware of the ethical considerations that go into the development process. For example, when developing technology using AI, it is important to understand how biases can accidental be introduced into the AI model and how the biases of society can be represented in the data which is used to train a machine learning model. Furthermore, when working with large amounts of data, it may not be possible to know where ever individual datum came from, especially if the data was purchased. Efforts need to be made to endure anonymity of individuals data. Special care needs to be taken when working with individuals' sensitive data.
